EZEQU v1.4 by Tristan Griffith (saxyboy85@aol.com)
2-5-01

Version 1.3 was an updated version of EZEQU v1.2 which had a fatal bug.  
Version 1.4 is the same as 1.3 except for a new graphing function.  If 
you have that version and would like to use it, go to the homescreen 
and plug in 2->dim(LSET.LSET is a list so that "L" should be the little
 "L" that is in the list menu.  However, I would reccomend updating to
v1.3 because of the convient auto detect fraction function and the new 
quadratic function.  

EZEQU is a program that allows you to solve an equation without having
to set it to zero.  You must solve for the variable "X", otherwise, you 
will generate an error message.  Instead of hitting "alpha" "X", simply 
hit the "X,T,(theta),n" button.  As you will see in fig3, this 
program also has a few other functions included:

1)Guess
2)Fraction (auto detect)
3)Quadratic
4)Graph

To get to the guess function, go to guess on the main menu, 
which takes you to the guess screen.

Guess, when turned on, allows you to guess what your answer will be.  
This helps the calculator to find the answer quicker.  If you turn 
guess off then it sets the default guess equal to 1.You do not have to 
go thru the guess menu each time, because your guess setting 
(on or off) is saved and is the same until you go back and change it.

Fraction auto detects if your answer has a decimal.  If your answer 
does have a decimal, it simply displays your answer as a fraction as 
well as the decimal.

Quadratic is spaecialized for solving quadratics.  You must follow the 
form: AX^2+BX+C=0.  Then you simply enter the values for A, B, and C 
and it solves it for you.  The quadratic function does not use the 
guess function, but it does use the auto detect fraction function.

After solving for a quadratic or for a differnt equation, hit "Mode" 
to go back to the main menu or "Enter" to solve for a quadratic or 
other equation again.  

You can graph an equation (quadratics too) after solving for it by 
pressing the "graph" button.  This will then display a graph of your 
equation, then the commands for what to do next are the same as if you 
just finished solving an equation.

If you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact 
me at: mrtinkertrain@wickedco.com
