GRAFX v1.0
Tristan Griffith (mrtinkertrain@wickedco.com or saxyboy85@aol.com)
2-20-01

GrafX is a very useful program for programmers and non-programmers 
alike.  It allows you to scan the graphscreen and code for it in a 
program, thus not using up all of your pics.  This program is simple
to use and works very well.

When you run the program you come to screen that says:

GRAPHX V1.0
1:SCAN
2:SET SCAN AREA
3:VIEW
4:QUIT

SCAN starts the program scanning at pixel 0,0 and scans the entire
graphscreen.

SET SCAN AREA lets you set coordinates for the area that you want 
to scan.  You will see a screen that looks like this:

UPPER:

You input the upper coordinate of the area you want scanned.  

LEFT:

You input the left coordinate of of the area you want scanned.  

LOWER:

You input the lower coordinate of the area you want to scan.

RIGHT:

You input the right coordinate of the area you want to scan.To find the coordinates, I suggest you go to format and make sure that 

CoordOn is selected.  Then go to window and make sure that Xmin=0, 
Xmax=94, Ymin=-62 and Ymax=0.  Then go to the graphscreen and move 
your cursor to find the upper left pixel coordinates, and then find the 
lower right coordinates.  Make sure that you enter Y in first as the
coordinates for pixels are Y,X instead of X,Y.  Also be sure that all Y
values that you enter are positive.

For example, let's say we wanted to start scanning at pixel 3,3 and 
stop scanning at pixel 6,7.  You would then enter the appropriate 
coordinates and would get a screen that looks like this:

UPPER:3
LEFT:3
LOWER:6
RIGHT:7

You can enter a negative number for any of these to exit back to the
main menu.  If you find this confusing, you can email me or just select "SCAN" in 
the future.

VIEW allows you to view the graphscreen.

Obviously QUIT exits the program.

After you have selected either SCAN or SCAN AT PXL and gone through
those, you will see this screen:

GRAFX V1.0
T. GRIFFITH

SCANNING... 0%

ROW:0
COL:0
PXLS:

Depending on whether or not you chose SCAN or SCAN AT PXL, you may see
different values in the %, ROW:, and COL:.

The 0% shows how much of the entire graphscreen has been scanned.
ROW: shows the current row that is being scanned.
COL: shows the current column that is being scanned.
PXLS: shows how many pixels have been scanned so far.

When the program has detected a pixel, you will notice that the value 
for COL: will pause for a few seconds and an asterik will appear in the
bottom right-hand corner of the screen.  This is just the program coding 
that pixel.

You may stop the scanning at any time by pressing the "MODE" button.

When the scanning is complete, it will say:

COMPLETE  100%

Now check and see how many pixels were detected.  If more than 360 
pixels were detected then you will need to do something special later 
on.

Here comes the fun part, you can now create this picture in a program 
by pasting the y-var r1 into your program.  If you do not want to clear
the graphscreen before you draw the pic, delete the "ClrDraw" statement 
at the very beginning.  If more than 360 pixels were detected, then you
are not done.  You need to move to the line immediately following the 
last "pxl-(" statement of what you just pasted and paste the y-var r2.
This is simply for memory reasons.

If you have just read the above and are confused, here is a step by step 
process of how to create your picture/graphic in a program.

1)Assuming that you are not a programmer, you will probably not want to
put this graphic in an already existing program, so we will need to
create a new program.
2)Hit the "PRGM" button and arrow over to "NEW".  Press enter.
3)Name your new program whatever you like by pressing the appropriate 
buttons for the appropriate letters.  When done, press enter.
4)Now you should have a screen that looks like this, where (name) is 
the name you gave your program:

PROGRAM:(name)
:

5)Now press "2nd" and then "STO->", which is actually "Rcl".  You will 
then see:

PROGRAM:(name)
:





Rcl

6)Now press the "VARS" button.  Arrow over to "Y-VARS" and scroll down 
to "3:Polar...".  Press enter.
7)Now press enter again and you will see:

PROGRAM:(name)
:




Rcl r1  

8)Press enter and you should see a bunch of "pxl-(" statements with 
various numbers flood the screen.

9)If GrafX detected more than 360 pixels then you need to do this step,
otherwise, skip to step 10.  Now press enter so that you create a new 
line.  Now press "2nd" and "STO->" and all that as before, but instead
of r1, choose r2.  You should now see more code flood the screen.

10)You are now finished, so hit "2nd" and then "MODE" to exit the 
program.

11)Now go and run your program by hitting "PRGM" and then arrowing down
to it.

12)You should now see your picture in all its splendor.

If you still don't get this or have a question or comment about this 
program, email me at:

mrtinkertrain@wickedco.com

          -or-

saxyboy85@aol.com

AIM:saxyboy85